were over 100 thousand those who
have decided to spend the night of
saint sylvester in cosenza the city of gods
bruzi has certainly not disappointed
expectations far exceeding the
Eve waits have been a long one
unforgettable magical night he has
seen alternating on the different stages
scattered along the entire route from
square of lots up to piazza 15 marzo
local groups and famous names of the panorama
international art
to lead the way in a square
Overflowing tanks lit by a
glittering lights carpet was max
gazzè with its engaging music
corso mazzini instead among the wonderful ones
luminaries and the summer of the mab hosted
local groups wading jugglers in
the enthusiasm of one
immense crowd entertainment and fun
also throughout the historic center a
starting from piazza duomo with a
fun clown show for later
reach the suggestive square
parrasio with the exhilarating show of
Martufello
but we must smile to smile at
heart of how the world goes
we must never kill irony on
shot of rarities
last stop is piazza 15 marzo
with the dj set of asia silver and while
the artist embodies his
highly appreciated performance in the hall
theater quintieri make one
beautiful and exclusive party of
welcome to the new year begins
dawning but piazza 15 marzo is still
full extraordinary energy e
addictive of asia silver has ever to
thousands of young and old
the artist goes beyond the established time and
seems not to want to leave the square
the magic of cosenza has kidnapped her too
cosenza with his new year I have not
had nothing to envy to the most beautiful
city ​​of the world
the long night of saint sylvester was
lived in full harmony e
lightheartedness
thanks also to a car
perfect organizational for a joint
beautifully successful artistic one
excellent service of order of the
municipal police and service
free shuttles of the amaco that has
accompanied the visitors in the various
location
great satisfaction was expressed
by mayor mario occhiuto for
the welcome and hospitality shown
from the Cosentini and for the great sense
civic and responsibility respecting
of the viability and the order it has
the use of dangerous barrels is prohibited
2013 for the city ​​of bruzi was born
under the best auspices many projects
and many programs put in place
by the municipal administration are
taking shape the new year's night is
was the symbol of real change
of the city
cosenza returns to be cosenza is not
plus a slogan the city of bruzi the
day after day it is becoming
moreover a center of culture
and initiatives by regaining centrality and
to the leadership role over the whole
calabria